docs: eas CLI update/publish (#31576)
expo/expo: docs/pages/eas-update/eas-cli.mdx

  cmdCopy="eas branch:rename --from [branch-name] --to [branch-name]"
/>

### Connect a chanel with a branch 

you can connect any channel with a branch by running 

```
eas channel:edit
```

> This command will help you to map the branches with the channles that youh ave

Reviewer: Hey @a0m0rajab it seems like typo mistake here as here is `channles` also the spacing between the `youh ave`.

Thanks

Author: @sharmayatendra thanks, just fixed it.

> This command will help you to map the branches with the channles that youh ave

Author: ```suggestion
This command will help you to map the branches with the channels that you have
```
